hey, i'm trying to create a screen reader for a list of items. Think of this screen reader as something that will be used by a visually impaired person to navigate through a list of items. But this operates differently from a normal screen reader.

The way this works is that there is going to be a sorted list of items, such as a as list of numbers, or a telephone directory or a sorted dictionary. The user will be able to navigate through this list using a few commands. But here's what it will be based, scrolling, at a time the user will only see a small window of items, and we will always start at the top of the list and then use three button, forward, backward, and stop.

think of this like a car where the forward button is the accelerator, the backward button is the brake, and the stop button is the emergency brake. So for example, if there is something forward, maybe pressed the forward button, then it will increase the speed of scrolling thourgh the list and when pressed again, it will again increase the speed. Then when pressed the backward, it will slow down the, then again, to manipulate the speed and then evetually going backwards.

I want two different modes of using this, one would be linear increase/decrease of speed, and the other would be exponential increase/decrease of speed. The stop button automatically stop the scrolling and the user can then use the forward or backward button to navigate through the list. 

When scrolling at higher speeds, we don't want to use audio to call out each and every items, instead we want to call out items at specific intervals, with some additional data. For example, if we take the example of a telephone directory with a lot of contact, we given the speed and size of the directory, we can also say, 'we're at first letter A and the second letter is B' and when the speed is higher we can say the speed is the only the first letter. We want to use this as audio outputs to the user. 

We want to use the audio outputs to convey the information to the user. We basically want to create a software we breaks the speed of scrolling into different levels, and for each level we have a different audio output. Andf want to make the fastest scroller that beats other traditional audio based list iterations (find some more research papers on this), for now we want to make a UI to have the button, but eventually we'll replace them with audio.

And then i want to the ui to feel sleep and modern with the scroll component being the main focus along with the speed of iteration be displayed as we manipulate it using the buttons. The scroll motion should be smooth and should feel like a car accelerating or decelerating.

Make a comprehensive plan to create with choosing the best software & libraries, UI libraries and then create the project.